# Distributed blockchain-based firmware update architecture for IoT devices - Meeting notes for 09/03/2023

## Minutes

- This minute is created by [Jesús Rugarcía](https://github.com/jesusrugarcia).

## Closed issues and decisions

- Frontend application for authors is made.
- Author agent functionalities are  expanded in order to allow authors to make use of it in the signing process (as frontend applications may have more difficulties handling cryptografic libries).
- A Firmware consuming application is made in order to emulate a device participating in the update process.
## Open issues and questions
The initial implementation is completed. The following steps are to be made in order to make an academic contribution:
1. Create strong  validation methods / meassure the performance of the application.
2. Identify what makes the solution different from previous contributions.
3. Identify sources that prove the need for a solution. Explore academic contributions and referenceable institutions.
4. Analize previous contributions to search for validation methods.
5. Identify journals / conferences that may receive the proposal.

## Discussion and proposals
- We could use a very simple app that makes a Curl to the solution to test it.
- How can we collect time data? Obtaining prints from logs can be useful for manual testing, but is impractical for large tests.
    - We could make an agent that collects all the data into a server. Practical and relatively easy processing, but adds aditional load to the solution, thus inerfering with the results.
    - We could make the agents print the time data into a log inside a volume (docker). This will make processing the data somewhat more difficult but will have a smaller impact on performace.

## Special note
- Initial implementation of the solution if complete :) . Documentation is still needed in both code and repository. 