# Distributed blockchain-based firmware update architecture for IoT devices - Meeting notes for 09/03/2023

## Minutes

- This minute is created by [Jesús Rugarcía](https://github.com/jesusrugarcia).

## Closed issues and decisions

- Divided update retrieval into two requests, one for the payload and one for the rest of the update. A more efficient retrieval was achieved.
## Open issues and questions
The initial implementation is completed. The following steps are to be made in order to make an academic contribution:
1. Create strong  validation methods / meassure the performance of the application.
2. Identify what makes the solution different from previous contributions.
3. Identify sources that prove the need for a solution. Explore academic contributions and referenceable institutions.
4. Analize previous contributions to search for validation methods.
5. Identify journals / conferences that may receive the proposal.

- Could not find any data about average firmware sizes. However, RFC 7728 clasifies type 2 as 250 KiB. Therefore a max payload size of 37ish MB should be much more than enough.
- Found an error were sometimes the author can register with a token that should have expired.
## Discussion and proposals
- We could use a very simple app that makes a Curl to the solution to test it.
- How can we collect time data? Obtaining prints from logs can be useful for manual testing, but is impractical for large tests.
    - We could make an agent that collects all the data into a server. Practical and relatively easy processing, but adds aditional load to the solution, thus inerfering with the results.
    - We could make the agents print the time data into a log inside a volume (docker). This will make processing the data somewhat more difficult but will have a smaller impact on performace. How to deal with async?

- Spydra may be interesting to include for testing chaincode (for future development).
## Special note
- 